# **Instructions about using the files with the project**

## **Notes:**
  - You can negligt understanding all the file as they are only helper for the assembler and the compliler to work.
  - The important files are:
    - ### **source:**
        - As it contains the source code.
   
    - ### **prog:**
        - As it contains the input program that you will write to insert it to the assembler and then to the compiler.
   
    - ### **program:**
        - As it contains the output of the assembler.
   
    - ### **file:**
       - As it contains the assembly of the program with it's localization in memory assuming the start is 0000.
       
    - ### **FinalObjectProgram:**
       - As it contains the last output from the compiler (the final object program)
   
1. ### **ASCII.txt:**
   - This file contains the ASCII values of English letters and some symboles needed for the project.

2. ### **Ass.txt:**
   - This file contains each Mneomonic and is's opcode foe the SIC machine.
   
3. ### **CUT2.txt:**
   - This file contains the lexical analyzer cut of the input program as tokens and label it with it's category
   - Example: 
     - a-z and A-Z as Identifier
     - 0-9 as Number
     - int, if as Keyword
     - +, =, -, * as Operator
     - == operator2
     - (, ), {, }, ; as Delimeter

4. ### **DIR.txt:**
   - This file the code saves in it the Assembler Directives.
   
5. ### **FinalObjectProgram.txt:**
   - This file the code saves in it the final object program.
   
6. ### **SampleTable.txt:**
   - This file the code saves in it the Sample Table test.
   
7. ### **Source.cpp:**
   - This is the source code file of the compiler.
   
8. ### **FinalObjectProgram.txt: (IMPORTANT)**
   - This file the code saves in it the Symbol Table.
   
9. ### **code.txt:**
   - This file the code saves in it the final object program.
   
10. ### **cut.txt:**
   - This file contains the lexical analyzer cut of the input program as tokens without labels.
   
11. ### **directives.txt:**
   - This file contains the reserved list of Assembler Directives.

12. ### **file.txt: (IMPORTANT)**
   - As it contains the assembly of the program with it's localization in memory assuming the start is 0000.
   
13. ### **test_print.txt:**
   - This file is not, important at all is for the code to print temporarily data to help the model. 
   
14. ### **kolo.txt:**
   - This file is for concatinating the assembler directives and the ASCII values.
 
15. ### **lexical_CUT2.txt:**
   - This file contains some of the lexical cut the the model print it temporarily.

16. ### **lexical_analysis.txt:**
   - This file contains the lexical analysis.
   
17. ### **mix.txt:**
   - This file contains the categories with all the labels

18. ### **numbers.txt:**
   - This file contains the numbers from 0 to 9 numberic and words.
   - Example:
     - 0 ZERO
     
19. ### **object_code.txt:**
   - This file is generated by the code which contains the object code of the program written.
   
20. ### **objectProgram.txt:**
   - This file is generated by the code which contains the object program of the program written.

21. ### **par.txt:**
   - This file is generated by the code which contains temporarily data that helps the code to generate the final object code.

22. ### **prog.txt: (IMPORTANT)**
   - This file is **IMPORTANT** as we write here the code which we needs to get out its localization and it's object code.
   - This is the code which passes through the assembelr then the compiler.
   
23. ### **program.txt: (IMPORTANT)**
   - This file is generated by the assembler as an output of the assembler process.

24. ### **start.txt:**
   - This file is generated by the assembler as the start of the assembler output.
   
25. ### **symbol.txt:**
   - This file is generated by the assembler to help the lexical analyser.
   
26. ### **test.txt:**
   - This file is generated by the code to print all the addresses (localization in memory as starting from 0000).
   
27. ### **ObjectProgram_Making.txt:**
   - This file is generated by the compailer to print the Object Program.


# Example:

